hello youtube friends today the bank
they showed hack to count 1.6 strike in
steam good 6 respect
to be able to play online with the sit
good
now I'm going to show you the chip but what
first they have to do to
good if you want or if you want to have the
hub 2013
for the strike control
and in that subscribe to my channel
I like the video and
She commenting suffered when I'm going to
send a private message and I'll
send the sat
well let's see
I'm going to show you how to activate good
first we open the folder well if Felix
Felix that good we open the oa or see
we minimize the folder
we open the counter
but in that I'm going to get the volume
ready good they put him at
when they are inside the count
it accepts accept and has to leave 2
little posters
this is for windows xp
for windows 7 I do not know but it must be seen
also good now once activated the
chip opens the is injected
do not
good
I hope it opens and fast
open the other folder
who has the pse is wanted for 67
so you do not skip the notebook
well then you can close it
and ready is already activated activated forgiveness
they press the f3 and then the this appears
this menu does not appear
good
as you can see
to use the video a little bit
well now they forgive but I had to go
to fix something good as I said and if I already
it is activated good runs match and here
enter what you want now
example and enter
to this
I'm going to pause the bug
well here we are
As you can see, I'm going to throw a little
but
I do not know, he's going to use me a little
video so please have patience
I'm going to show you that being that way
how the weapon looks transparent
and you can see
give things with colors
and I'm playing online
no color the video is edited by
what is not edited the video so
I'm not editing a
Now I want to show you if I can kill
to one
Well this can say that you already have the
chip
I'll show you I'll go with him to
see where they are
Faster Faster
Corrado Corred Corred
good
good as you see there moves alone looks
all
now we can give it again
let's see let's see
let's see let's see let's see
I die they killed me because that one got
the f3 activate and deactivate the site and
with f 4 they will be labeled but not
nothing happens is normal elevated with the f 4
this good menu appears
that was all the video tutorial friends
I hope you liked the video already
they know if they want the video they go not
they have to subscribe to my channel
do not
you do not have to subscribe to my channel and
put a like
and I speak to my subscribers whoever wants
the chip or the hack
but
he just sent me a message period
in this video he comments anger when he
subscribe and warn if they want the hack
good thank you very much for the envoy
until next time
bye